<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="concept_wsg_hnv_d2b">
    <title>Data security</title>
    <shortdesc></shortdesc>
    <conbody>
        <p>Before scanning, recheck the patient information (such as name, age, height and weight),
            study info (such as admission number, scan protocol and patient position) to ensure the
            correct acquisition according to the preset scheme.</p>
        <p>During the setting of scanning parameters, the system will estimate the needed storage
            space and mark the parameter with red color when the storage space is insufficient. Then
            modify the scanning parameters according to the prompt. Otherwise, click OK. The system
            shows a warning prompt </p>
        <p>To ensure normal and safe operation of the system, the user is not allowed to install any
            software without UIH authorization to the operating system of the console. The user is
            not allowed to connect the equipment to any unauthorized network.</p>
        <p>In addition, the user should regularly back up the data in the system. The system will
            mon-itor the memory of the computer automatically and send a warning message when the
            memory reaches the threshold. The user needs to archive the data and clear the memory
            regularly to ensure the smooth scanning.</p>
        <p>Unless otherwise permitted by UIH, please do not modify the embedded software system in
            any form. Please do not install any non-system software (such as games) to the
            com-puter. The system software has the anti-virus function.</p>
        <p>When any failure occurs to the communication with external networks, the system can still
            run normally. In case of network disconnection when the system is communicating with
            another device, you are required to reconnect the device and re-perform the relevant
            data communications after the network recovery.</p>
        <p>The system will stop in case of power failure.</p>
        <p>When you reboot the system after the power supply recovers, the system will run normally,
            but any data or information that were unsaved before power failure will be lost.</p>
        <note type="note">
            <ul id="ul_hq2_rnv_d2b">
                <li>
                    <p>It is recommended to anonymize data to be exported from the system for
                        protecting patient health information.</p>
                </li>
                <li>
                    <p>To ensure the security of the system and data, the user can disable data
                        export to USB</p>
                </li>
                <li>
                    <p>Also the user can disable USB completely.</p>
                </li>
            </ul>
        </note>
        <note type="note">
            <p>License mechanism is used to forbid unexpected copy/installation or use. Thirty days
                before the expiry of the validity period, the system will prompt the corresponding
                prod-uct is about to expire. Users should timely contact service engineer to ensure
                the sus-tainable use of the product renewal. Users can also view the current
                application expiration date through the license information provided by the
                system.</p>
        </note>
        <note type="warning">
            <ul id="ul_q4v_znv_d2b">
                <li>
                    <p>While examining a patient, the operator is prohibited to plug/unplug USB.
                        Otherwise, the system may encounter image information errors</p>
                </li>
                <li>
                    <p>While the system is running, the user shall not intentionally disconnect the
                        power and network. Otherwise, there will be data loss.</p>
                </li>
                <li>
                    <p>Due to technological limits, there is a risk of patient information loss on
                        the backup media </p>
                </li>
            </ul>
        </note>
    </conbody>
</concept>
