<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="concept_msp_1kv_d2b">
    <title>Equipment compatibility</title>
    <shortdesc></shortdesc>
    <conbody>
        <p>The system described in this manual should not be used in combination with other software
            or devices at will.</p>
        <p>The use of any third-party accessories or assembly may degrade the product performance
            and also its security. Please use the accessories and assembly approved by UIH. If
            necessary indeed, please do consult UIH with the following issues:</p>
        <ul id="ul_urm_2kv_d2b">
            <li>
                <p>Performance, safety, and reliability of the third party equipment.</p>
            </li>
            <li>
                <p>its potential risk for personnel and system.</p>
            </li>
        </ul>
        <p>As the designer, manufacturer and assembler of this product, UIH will only be liable for
            the repair, maintenance and modification performed by UIH or personnel officially
            authorized by UIH. Otherwise, UIH will not assume any responsibilities for the system
            safety and reliability or any other liability caused by the following circumstances:</p>
        <ul id="ul_bwn_3kv_d2b">
            <li>
                <p>Failures caused by operating the system without strict compliance with the manual
                    resulting in wrong operation, improper maintenance or irregular
                    modification.</p>
            </li>
            <li>
                <p>Failures caused by using third-party equipment or auxiliary components without
                    the official authorization of UIH.</p>
            </li>
        </ul>
        <note type="caution">
            <p>The use of unauthorized software/hardware and tampering with or modification of
                software/hardware may lead to the system operation failure and bring injuries to
                patients and damages to the product. Please use the copyrighted software licensed by
                UIH.</p>
        </note>
    </conbody>
</concept>
