<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="concept_wgy_l3v_d2b">
    <title>Installation safety and network security</title>
    <shortdesc></shortdesc>
    <conbody>
        <p>Please launch the installation program to install the software. Operate according to the
            prompt, and wait until the entire software system has been installed.</p>
        <p>When the network encounters a failure, an error message pops up at the system status
            bar.</p>
        <note type="caution">
            <ul id="ul_arj_s3v_d2b">
                <li>
                    <p>The unauthorized operation or change of a software/hardware system or
                        connection to a network system without security certification may damage the
                        system.</p>
                </li>
                <li>
                    <p>The unauthorized copying/installation of software is prohibited.</p>
                </li>
                <li>
                    <p>The software installation and upgrade must be completed by the UIH engineers
                        or engineers officially authorized by UIH.</p>
                </li>
                <li>
                    <p>The system has certain requirements for the system resources. Installing the
                        system on public or private computer may degrade the system performance.</p>
                </li>
                <li>
                    <p>After starting up the software, please check the language on software
                        interfaces. If there is any language error, please stop operating
                        immediately.</p>
                </li>
                <li>
                    <p>It is recommended that user should change the log-on password periodically
                        and keep the password secret.</p>
                </li>
                <li>
                    <p>User should avoid changing the device IP address after first installation. It
                        may cause network connection or communication error.</p>
                </li>
                <li>
                    <p>One or more than one backup shall be kept for recovering the system.</p>
                </li>
            </ul>
        </note>
    </conbody>
</concept>
