<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="concept_dqf_2lv_d2b">
    <title>System Reliability</title>
    <shortdesc></shortdesc>
    <conbody>
        <table frame="all" id="table_y5n_hlv_d2b" colsep="1" rowsep="1">
            <title>System Resource Usage</title>
            <tgroup cols="3">
                <colspec colname="c1" colnum="1" colwidth="1*"/>
                <colspec colname="c2" colnum="2" colwidth="1*"/>
                <colspec colname="c3" colnum="3" colwidth="1*"/>
                <thead>
                    <row>
                        <entry colsep="0" align="center" valign="middle">
                            <p>Resource Types</p>
                        </entry>
                        <entry colsep="0" align="center" valign="middle">
                            <p>Instructions</p>
                        </entry>
                        <entry align="center" valign="middle">
                            <p>Problem and Solution</p>
                        </entry>
                    </row>
                </thead>
                <tbody>
                    <row>
                        <entry colsep="1" rowsep="1" align="center" valign="middle">
                            <p>Memory</p>
                        </entry>
                        <entry colsep="1" rowsep="1">
                            <p>The system uses memory when it is running. There is a direct
                                correlation between the memory occupancy rate and service types as
                                well as operating data. The memory monitoring module in this product
                                monitors how memory is used in the system, and supports two levels
                                of threshold value prompts.When memory reaches the upper limit set
                                for the first level, the system issues a prompt to you in the form
                                of a yellow warning which states that current memory use has reached
                                the upper limit.When memory reaches the upper limit set for the
                                second level, the system issues a prompt to you in the form of a red
                                error which states that current memory use has reached the upper
                                limit.</p>
                        </entry>
                        <entry rowsep="1">
                            <p>Memory is a limited resource. When memory utilization reaches the
                                preset limit, the system status bar issues a prompt which states
                                that memory use has reached the upper limit. You can increase
                                available memory by closing examinations that are using a large
                                amount of data.</p>
                        </entry>
                    </row>
                    <row>
                        <entry colsep="1" rowsep="1" align="center" valign="middle">
                            <p>Disk</p>
                        </entry>
                        <entry colsep="1" rowsep="1">
                            <p>The systems needs to use disks to run.There is a direct correlation
                                between disk occupancy rate and data volume stored in the system.
                                The disk monitoring module in this product monitors remaining disk
                                space in the image storage area, and supports two levels of
                                threshold value prompts. When remaining disk space reaches the upper
                                limit set for the first level, the disk space icon is displayed in
                                yellow to alert you that disk use has reached the set upper limit.
                                When remaining disk space reaches the upper limit set for the second
                                level, the disk space icon is displayed in red to alert you that
                                disk use has reached the set limit value.</p>
                        </entry>
                        <entry rowsep="1">
                            <p>Disks are a limited resource. When disk utilization reaches the
                                preset limit, the system issues a prompt to you of the disk status.
                                You then needs to clean the disk or storage volume to increase
                                avail-able space in the disk or storage volume.</p>
                        </entry>
                    </row>
                    <row>
                        <entry colsep="1" rowsep="1" align="center" valign="middle">
                            <p>Network</p>
                        </entry>
                        <entry colsep="1" rowsep="1">
                            <p>The system needs to communicate with other devices when obtaining and
                                sending data. Therefore, the network communication function needs to
                                be used. The network monitoring module of this product monitors
                                network connection status. When the network connection status
                                changes, you is alerted. When the network is disconnected, the icon
                                is displayed in red to alert you that the network connection has
                                failed. When the network connection is recovered, the icon is
                                displayed in gray to alert you that the network connection has been
                                recovered.</p>
                        </entry>
                        <entry>
                            <p>If the network is not connected, the sys-tem cannot receive data from
                                other devices and cannot send data to other devices. You can check
                                whether the cable socket is loose, whether the cable is damaged, and
                                whether relevant devices are working normally; if so, you can
                                tighten and change the cable, or repair or change the broken network
                                devices to get the system running nor-mally again.</p>
                        </entry>
                    </row>
                </tbody>
            </tgroup>
        </table>
    </conbody>
</concept>
