<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="concept_pk3_cjv_d2b">
    <title>Virus protection</title>
    <shortdesc></shortdesc>
    <conbody>
        <p>Microsoft Security Essential (MSE) is the anti-virus software built into the system to
            prevent malicious intrusion and protect data security.</p>
        <p>When the computer is connected to a network system without security certification, the
            computer may be at risk of being infected by computer viruses or other destructive
            software. This system prevents virus infection through the use of MSE anti-virus
            software.</p>
        <ul id="ul_psh_hjv_d2b">
            <li>
                <p>MSE takes a series of measures to protect data security and prevent malicious
                    intrusion of computer viruses.</p>
            </li>
            <li>
                <p>To find and remove viruses effectively, MSE can be configured to periodically
                    scan documents and data from the operating system and medical imaging
                    post-processing system.</p>
                <ul id="ul_c2t_3jv_d2b">
                    <li>
                        <p>MSE will perform virus detection on data entering the medical imaging
                            post-processing system.</p>
                    </li>
                    <li>
                        <p>MSE will automatically scan and detect the USB storage devices inserted
                            into USB interfaces of the system.</p>
                    </li>
                    <li>
                        <p>MSE performs virus detection when the user inserts a USB memory or CD/DVD
                            into the system. If any virus is found, a window pops up to notify the
                            user.</p>
                    </li>
                </ul>
            </li>
            <li>P<p>The customer service engineer will establish a virus scanning policy for the
                    user according to specific service conditions.</p></li>
            <li>
                <p>Data communication can only be performed in the defined ways. All unnecessary
                    ports or channels are locked.</p>
            </li>
        </ul>
        <p>Since MSE has regularly scheduled scanning according to the actual conditions of a
            user,the system operation may be slightly slower while scanning for and removing
            viruses. However, this will not influence the normal operations of the system.</p>
        <p>In order to deal with new types of viruses, the virus database needs to be upgraded. If
            the database is not updated regularly, MSE may be unable to find and prevent certain new
            types of viruses. According to user requirements, the customer service engineer will
            help upgrade the virus database. In most cases, it is not recommended that the user
            upgrades the virus database. This is because upgrading the virus database without strict
            testing may result in unexpected problems and/or failure of the product.</p>
        <note type="note">
            <ul id="ul_cdt_tjv_d2b">
                <li>
                    <p>The anti-virus software keeps running by default to monitor and keep the
                        security of the operation system.It is recommended that user triggers the
                        full scan periodically at system idle time.</p>
                </li>
                <li>
                    <p>The system may be updated with security patch for anti-virus after UIH's
                        evaluation based on threatening level.</p>
                </li>
            </ul>
        </note>
        <note>
            <ul id="ul_w5b_yjv_d2b">
                <li>
                    <p>The user should regularly check whether the anti-virus software is running.
                        If the software does not work, please contact UIH customer service
                        engineers.</p>
                </li>
                <li>
                    <p>By default, firewall is open for domain network, public network and private
                        network.Call service in case of the requirement for modification.</p>
                </li>
            </ul>
        </note>
    </conbody>
</concept>
