<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "topic.dtd">
<topic id="topic_jsm_z4q_d2b">
  <title>About this manual</title>
  <body>
    <p>This manual is applicable to the uMI 550 PET/CT operation and processing system.</p>
    <p>This manual briefly introduces the interface layouts, configuration requirements and main
      functions of the operation and processing software, including patient exam, patient
      registration, patient administration and image viewing. In addition, this manual provides
      related safety information and irregular operation flows supported by the system to direct the
      user to operate the system safely and effectively.</p>
    <p>This manual is valid merely for the software version that complies with relevant regulations
      and the latest notice of release. This manual describes the system features to the greatest
      extent to direct you to operate the software safely. This manual is for your convenient use of
      the system only and may be updated in a future version. UIH reserves the right to change the
      related information at any time without prior notice.</p>
    <p>The photos, graphics, screenshots and images in this manual are representative only. The
      actual system appearance and software interfaceshall prevail. The names of hospitals or
      patients used in this manual are fictional. Any similarity is purely coincidental. The names
      of related configuration (i.e. names of driver, network node or database) in this manual may
      be different from those in the actual clinical situation. To simplify titles, both male and
      female patients are named as patients.</p>
    <p>Before operating the system, the user or the operator must carefully read this manual to make
      sure that he or she can effectively and safely complete a series of software operations.
      Please pay attention to all the information provided in the chapter of safety.</p>
    <p>This manual is aimed to guide you to safely operate the introduced system.</p>
    <p>This manual shall not be used for other purposes except for the intended use.</p>
    <p>This manual is originally written in English. It is created, maintained, and authorized by
      UIH and is sold and used with the software version that complies with relevant
      regulations.</p>
  </body>
</topic>
