<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="concept_sv4_tqq_d2b">
 <title>Function descriptions</title>
 <shortdesc></shortdesc>
 <conbody>
  <p>This system operation and processing software consists of two major function modules, including
   image acquisition and image post-processing. The software performs medical CT image acquisition,
   data management, image viewing and other operations through medical imaging and computer
   software/hardware technologies. This aims to provide basis for image diagnosis or scientific
   research process and offer auxiliary means to radiologists for disease diagnosis.</p>
  <ul id="ul_n4t_vqq_d2b">
   <li>
    <p>Patient administration: It is mainly used for managing the patient data through managing and
     displaying the exam information stored in the system. With this function, the user can inquire
     the exam records, correct the patient information, merge/split the exams, and protect/unprotect
     the image information, as well as save the patient exam information and transmit it to other
     devices.</p>
   </li>
   <li>
    <p>Patient registration: mainly used for registering patients, recording patient information and
     scanning information, and choosing scan protocols and patient positions. Emergency registration
     is provided for emergency patients. Pre-registration is supported for the patient who is not
     scanned once being registered.</p>
   </li>
   <li>
    <p>Exam: Mainly used for data acquisition and reconstruction, and for acquisition of CT, PET and
     PET/CT scanning series, including scout scan, CT helical scan, CT axial scan, enhanced scan and
     coronary scan.</p>
   </li>
   <li>
    <p>Review 2D: The user can zoom, rotate, mirror, pan and locate the images, etc., process the
     pseudo-colors, reverse the colors, adjust the window width and window level; make statistics on
     histograms and dynamic curves of images; measure the length, angle and area of images, and add
     texts and arrows.</p>
   </li>
   <li>
    <p>Review 3D: The user can perform VR (Volume Rendering), MPR (Multi-Planar Reconstruction),
     MaxIP (Maximum Intensity Projection) and MinIP (Minimum Intensity Projection). The
     post-processing technologies include Sculpt - Volume Cropping and Target Volume - Tissue
     Segmentation Box.</p>
   </li>
   <li>
    <p>Fusion: mainly includes the review and analysis of the PET, CT or fusion image.</p>
   </li>
   <li>
    <p>Filming: It mainly includes viewport and cell layout; image copying, cutting and pasting to
     the designated position is supported in the film typesetting; you can insert a blank image,
     cell or blank page before or after the selected image, merge multiple images into one picture
     according to certain layout and display the picture within a cell, re-arrange the selected
     continuous images in an inverted sequence; the functions of series comparison and interval
     printing are provided.</p>
   </li>
   <li>
    <p>Post-processing function configuration: Embed independent post-processing function modules
     based on the actual need of users and the License configuration.</p>
   </li>
  </ul>
 </conbody>
</concept>
